Update approval-policy.md to add information about stack dependencies (#604)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/policy/approval-policy.md

## Data input

!!! info

>     Note that this is just an example meant for informational purposes (json doesn't support comments by design).  You can get a sample using the [policy workbench](../policy.html#policy-workbench).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that this is just an example meant for informational purposes (json doesn't support comments by design).  You can get a sample using the [policy workbench](./README.md#policy-workbench).
```
